good yes
what is that
yo for hey let's go the fuck is this
oh jesus fucking fucking bear
eatmydiction is in this game come back
to bed little bear I'm not gonna hurt
you oh it's the widow bear okay oh shit
no no no no yeah you can't see me a
little bear can you oh ok I made it I
don't want to kill bears I'm a bear
fanatic I am at bear love or bears hmm
airs all we've made it to Skyrim oh the
game's over already this game so far is
a rollercoaster of emotions like scared
tingly kind of tingly is an emotion
that's just my feelings on it get mel
peracare Moloch oath is the Derek Prince
of curses in the spurned many arcs
warship him is their God King okay
interesting thing I read on the tweeters
on the twitters today if you read a
tweet from somebody who you know what
they talk like you will sound it out
like they do if you read a tweet from
FPSRussia and it's like a funny like
wall tweet you'll fucking read that shit
out like you're Russian oh god the
fucking I thought I was interesting I
was like oh really my girlfriend told me
it's like the only interesting thing she
ever told me what happened to my psychic
did i murder him back there or is that
him over there Oh what is this what are
you I don't want to hurt you a little
puppy can you hey hey bud hi can you
like get puppy's your friends that's a
fox that is a fox gonna follow you mr.
Fox
fantastic mr fox hey bud you want to be
my friend i'll pick you flowers fine all
right so see this use up to oh the puppy
hold a puppy oh look at the puppy hey
old man let's talk to you talk to the
dog all right oh yeah I understand you
know definitely yo dude I'm gonna have
your dog guess it's all clear now I've
been hunting and fishing in these parts
for years oh yeah hey question um can
have your dog for my weapon away it's
not like my poaching is hurting anyone
oh it's cool I'll can hardly eat
everyone ya know I really don't care
have your dog Oh have fun puppy any of
funding fox again you're boring I think
I have to go to that oh my god is this
what outside looks like Oh should go
there more often this is like Kent
Canadian summer yeah Canadians summer we
still have snow on the ground haha oh my
God look at that lunge I'm a pro Lunger
I really just want to go like cliff
diving but that I don't cuz I don't want
to die
there has got to be a quicker way than
this how do you is there a way to run
what what the fuck is run oh oh yes
sprint Kylie this guy go oh my god so
lazy fucking ran out of sprint you so
quick oh I see you town alright alright
let's let's do this are you ready for
this parkour ah ah ah yeah all right
let's run oh yeah weird a river a river
would oh just in case just in case there
I go fuck damn it hey bro what's going
on here yes what's at the o2 papi this
dog some of these talking dogs Oh yo
what's up bro stop I'm fine but we
should go inside to talk but fuck did
you come from but ain't no ain't every
day we get visitors in riverwood oh I
don't ask you shit herders family first
settle here as woodcutter shut up he's
about generating my know what do I have
to ask you whatever you need bye of
course take what you need thanks buddy
what's all this about what are you two
doing here people are dying oh yeah oh
shit now I don't need that hot sauce
I'll grab some brewskis some fucking it
gross grab some of this I think that's
brewskis to the big iron block block pic
got some potions the apple like a
necklace for the Broads this kind of
what's up what yeah yeah inhale Caen
yeah explains what I saw earlier did you
see dragon 2 from the south I was hoping
I was wrong about what I thought it was
was it a dragon a trike yes Skyrim yeah
that's this world coming to I don't know
where's the war no dragons yeah trouble
loves company pneus I know all right our
needs to know if there's a dragon on the
loose riverwood is defenseless we need
to get word to your old bar graph in
Whiterun to send whatever soldiers he
can if you'll do that for me I'll be in
your debt
yeah sure let's do it goodbye no damn it
how the fuck do I get out of this shit
come on the inside right now no I'm good
I'm gonna leave now okay goodbye